## Standup 8-12-14

### What have you completed
* Completed documentation and research of existing process and flow
* Completed documentation and research of existing GenericWebService
* Implemented logic to extend generic web service with Rollover call
	* Will need to have a RolloverMasterChart endpoint for GLM due to the chart type. RolloverChart will be a more general purpose endpoint that can be used later. 

### Currently working on

* Refactoring GenericWebService to support validation, result processing and unit tests. Still working on this. 

### What remains to be completed

* Still need to have my work code reviewed
* Need to address how we will handle the UserId. We need to log it for audit purposes but current implementation will need to change. 
* Need to get with logistics figure out deployment specifics. 
	* How is the current service hosted? Where?

### Outlook

Depending on how we address the user issue I believe this could be ready for testing by the next stand-up. 


### Follow-up

* Need to provide them with a proxy snippet
	* says that it was generated by wsdl.exe but cannot get it to derive from WebServicesClientProtocol
	* wsdl http://localhost:9000/GenericWebService.asmx?wsdl /out:GenericWebService.cs /n:GenericWebServiceClient
	* "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft WSE\v3.0\Tools\wsewsdl3.exe" /n:GenericWebServiceClient /o:C:\temp\WebProxy.cs /protocol:SOAP /l:CS /type:webClient "http://localhost:9000/GenericWebService.asmx?WSDL"
		* Complains that .net framework 2.0 not installed... but it is
		* Worth nothing that this tool hasn't been supported within visual studio since VS2005
* XML Snippets for what return will look like. 
* Let Shane Ursani know when it is in DEV.

### GLM side

* updated UI and added logic to step 2

## Standup 8-19-14

### What have you completed

* Finished refactor
* Finished unit tests
* Resolved user id issue
* Worked with logistics on deployment

### What remains to be completed

* Testing
* Get with Ryan and ... on re-testing the generic web service.

### Follow up

* Accounts from income tax are hooked up to PD1
* When can we deploy to PD1? Sankar is checking.

## Standup 8-26-14

### What have you completed

* Added validation for invalid year, invalid chart type, null chart in fromYear, chart already being rolled over and invalid ttc rollover.
* Added new endpoint for getting primary charts that are eligible for rollover

### What remains to be completed

* Get with Raghu on adding new methods and re-testing existing methods for GenericWebService.